the boy was arrested
Hello everybody , welcome, everyone.
Who speaks julio berriel and you are in
channel inside the games pro in this video
we will show you how to find all the
guns of the technician hidden in the
campaign had a son of four
so come with us safely and without
chair because here is level
when landing on the beach follow to the
left
in this boat that is stuck in the sand and
with who in the throw maybe play technique
The second lesson you can reach
a walkway
in it will be both enemies martins
and 28 lng at the end of the
stable gone just before entering the
tank in a book you will reach a
construction
identify by scaffolding and do as
show the video is hsv
inside the tank begins to have a look
the enemies as soon as you come across
with a lock exit the tank and go to
upstairs is only to do as shown by the
video and find it in 1240
Our first girl left this
condition and our time attack us
In this point of the game to Mars the enemies
then I go behind the counter and
conquer the water invades everyone has
after passing a pure on the bridge almost
to drown
You will enter on a stool to walk
up a staircase entered a room with
the box of inventing your weapons choices
and enter that door and take a look
is at m 16
at what
Our second tinkering with the water would
drink 95 after finding it on high for
For the purposes that the blast and sub suazi go
end find dj degree
well I personally call all the
drugs and hidden weapons of the mission
failing to finish a bug not
but he guarantees the game a thousand
so just take a look at the canada fire
I was making the bottom of the page
because it is in the last title of the mission but
it was worth to welcome m82 to
Thank you very much, everyone!
do not forget the next video now in
common mission to sneakers
she will also show you how to find
all arms and dog tag expanded
If you liked your live for
encourage channel
share with your friends and additions
to favorites
sign up to receive the
next videos and read
once again thank you for attending and
to the next